### Project Description
This lab's purpose was to introduce us to several new concepts while also bringing back old ones to be able to show incremental counting on the Basys3 FPGA board. First, apart from the main concepts of this lab, we explored FSMs(Finite State Machines) through implementing specfic 4bit sequence detectors using a Mealy machine and a Moore machine (Moore sequence: 1100, Mealy sequence: 1101). Next, a counter module that counts by 1 up to 4095 (highest decimal value a 12 bit binary number can hold) and a module that can convert any 12 bit binary number to BCD(Binary Coded Decimal) were needed. This Binary to BCD converter acts as the bridge between having a binary value and being able to display that value effectively on the FPGA board. When all the new designs are done, this lab asks us to connect the counter and Binary to BCD converter to previous designs inside of one top level module capable of displaying the counter's value on the board's seven segment display. Previous designs included: clock divider(lab6), multi segment driver(lab5 and lab3).

### Implementation Instructions
1. After the source code and testbench files are written, run the synthesis of your code to make sure there are no errors.
2. Then locate the dropdown on the left where you can run a behavioral simulation and observe the waveform diagram. Verify that everything looks correct: the Mealy and Moore should only output one when the correct sequence is detected, the counter should increase by one every clock cycle and loop back around, the bin to bcd is pretty self explanatory, and the top level module should show the expected values of all submodules used.
3. If everything looks good, assign your system clock as an input and your ouput to the seven segment display.
4. Generate the bitsream, open the hardware manager, and load the bitstream file into your FPGA board.
5. When the implementation is loaded, you should see the seven segment display counting upward (at whatever speed is specified in your clock divider) and hopefully starting over again at 0 after reaching 4095.
